Project admin RBAC tutorial. (#3182)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/1.2/tutorials/project-administrator/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Granting project admin access to Kubernetes resources in Kommander

> title: Granting project admin access access to Kubernetes resources in Kommander

Reviewer: typo: `access access`

menuWeight: 1
excerpt: Configure role-based access control for namespaced Kubernetes resources in Kommander
---

## Before you begin

This procedure requires the following configurations and background:

- A Konvoy cluster with [Kommander installed](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.2/install/).

> - An [Identity Provider](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.2/tutorials/authorize-all-users/) has been created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An [Identity Provider](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.2/tutorials/authorize-all-users/).
```

> - Some familiarity with [Kubernetes role-based access control](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/) principles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Familiarity with [Kubernetes role-based access control](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/) principles.
```

- A configured [group](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.2/operations/identity-providers/) in Kommander for project administrators.

## Create role-based access control persona

This procedure describes how a cluster administrator can assign project administrator level access to Kubernetes and Kommander resources in the Kommander UI.

> - _Project admin_: these users can administer the projects they have specifically been given access to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- _Project admin_: these users can administer projects they have specific access to.
```

If you have not done so already, create a group to represent this persona. For more details on groups, see the [Identity Providers page](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.2/operations/identity-providers/) and the [Identity Provider tutorial](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.2/tutorials/authorize-all-users/).

## Grant access to project admin persona

> You have already assigned users to the group that represents the persona. You must now modify the resource access level for this persona by associating roles with the groups using policies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have already assigned users to the group that represents the persona. You must now change the resource access level for this persona by associating roles with the groups using policies.
```

> The _Project Admin_ persona should have admin access to the project. This allows users to administrate all namespaced resources in the project namespace on the management cluster, as well as all namespaced resources in the project namespace on the target clusters.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The _Project Admin_ persona should have admin access to the project. This allows users to administer all namespaced resources in the project namespace on the management cluster, as well as all namespaced resources in the project namespace on the target clusters.
```

In the Kommander UI, do the following:

> 1. Select _Default Workspace_ in the header drop-down.

Reviewer: @tillt I still see `Default Workspace` in the newer version

> 1. Select _Default Workspace_ in the header drop-down.

Reviewer 4: I now read `Select a _Workspace_ in the header drop-down.`, resolving the conversation.

2. Select _Projects_ and select or create the project to grant access to.
3. Select the _Policies_ tab.

![Project Policies Table](/ksphere/kommander/1.2/img/tutorial-project-policies.png)

> Project Policies Table

Reviewer 3: This line looks odd as well.

Author: See above

>    The default role that will be used for this persona is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The default role for this persona:
```

> - _Kommander Project Admin Role_: because this is a Kommander Role type role, it applies to the management cluster. This role grants admin access to the project namespace on the management cluster. Creating a policy with this role creates another role and policy automatically, at the workspace level, allowing access to this project.

Reviewer: We can omit specifying "Creating a policy with this role ...... allowing access to this project" as that is implementation detail which is not required here

> - _Kommander Project Admin Role_: because this is a Kommander Role type role, it applies to the management cluster. This role grants admin access to the project namespace on the management cluster. When a policy is created with this role, another role and policy is automatically created at the workspace level to allow access to this project specifically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- _Kommander Project Admin Role_: because this is a Kommander Role type role, it applies to the management cluster. This role grants admin access to the project namespace on the management cluster. Creating a policy with this role creates another role and policy automatically, at the workspace level, allowing access to this project.
```

4. Assign this role to the _Project Admin_ group.

![Project Policies Edit](/ksphere/kommander/1.2/img/tutorial-project-policies-edit.png)

> Project Policies Form

Reviewer 3: This line looks odd. Is this supposed to be a heading?

Author: That's an image link with a text description.

![Project Policies Edit](https://github.com/mesosphere/dcos-docs-site/blob/b7e06a54df91895212817a0e5e6d104d783bffcd/pages/ksphere/kommander/1.2/img/tutorial-project-policies-edit.png?raw=true)
Project Policies Form
